S3 Lifecycle policies are designed to simplify the task of Object Lifecycle Management.
Why do we need lifecycle policies?
We need them because the frequency with which we
need to access data can change over time.
It can get expensive to pay for immediate access when we don't need it.
For example, if you're a college professor,
your students will be uploading class data as a complete projects and write papers.
Initially, you'll want to have immediate access to student projects and papers.
So an S3 bucket for student classwork is a good place to start.
But after the school year ends,
you probably won't need to access the data anymore.
It costs more to keep all of that data in a standard S3 bucket to keep it
immediately accessible when its only being accessed and frequently.
You can reduce costs by moving the objects and the classwork bucket to S3 Glacier.
When the student graduates,
you won't need the projects or papers at all.
So you can delete all of that data by expiring it in the lifecycle policy.
You could manually move the data over time,
but that's a tedious process.
A lifecycle policy is designed to manage the process for
you by moving the data to a different bucket at a preset time.
So here's an example of how you would configure a lifecycle policy.
I'm going to log into the AWS management console,
make sure I'm in the Northern Virginia region and go to the S3 service.
I am going to select my bucket.
My bucket view should have five tabs across the top.
I'm going to select management and add a lifecycle rule.
So for the example of a college professor,
we're going to create a schoolwork bucket
and we're going to apply it to all the objects in the bucket,
and we're going to create transitions to Glacier for all of the versions in the bucket.
So in order to do that, we're going to have to create a transition for
the current versions to move them to Glacier after a 180 days.
We're going to acknowledge that for
small objects it might cost us a little money. So acknowledge that.
Then for previous versions,
we're also going to add a transition to Glacier after a 180 days.
Now we're going to configure the files or the objects in
the bucket to expire or be deleted after 1,460 days.
So we're going to take the current version and the previous versions,
and after 1,460 for
the current and 1,460 for the previous,
we're going to delete them.
We're going to acknowledge that this rule is going to apply to all the objects in
the bucket and we're going to save our new lifecycle policy.
So after you create your lifecycle policy,
just make sure you sign out of the console.
Thanks for watching the demo.